#summary Details on how use <composition> tag
#labels usage


From release 0.4 the `<composition>` tag is available.


To use this tag you must first create a template (`src/com/example/Template.html`):

{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body style='display:border'>
   <ui:insert name='content'>
        <p>Default value</p>
   </ui:insert>
</body>
</html>
}}}

this template defines a `JPanel` with `BorderLayout`. The content of the panel is defined with snippet, you must
provide in you html. If you don't provide the snippet, the `<ui:insert>` content will be used.

We saved the template file in the sources folder in the `com.example` package. Now we can locate this template
with `com/example/Template.html` path.

Next, write you html, using this template:

{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body>
   <ui:composition template='com/example/Template.html'>
      <ui:define name='content'>
        <p>Custom value</p>
      </ui:define>
   </ui:composition>
</body>
</html>
}}}

When `DomLoader` loads you document and finds `<composition>` tag, it loads template`s model and substitutes all
`<ui:insert>` tags with the content of the `<ui:define>` tags with corresponding name, so the resulting document
will look like this:

{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body style='display:border'>
    <p>Custom value</p>
</body>
</html>
}}}


Let's see what will occur when we do not provide `content` snippet. In this case the source document will be like this:

{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body>
   <ui:composition template='com/example/Template.html'>

   </ui:composition>
</body>
</html>
}}}

And the resulting document will look like this:
{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body style='display:border'>
    <p>Default value</p>
</body>
</html>
}}}



You can also use `<ui:include>` inside `<ui:define>` tag.
Remember, that when using `<ui:include>` the content of the body tag is included.
Let's create snippet `com/example/DefaultContent.html`:
{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body>
    <p>Default value</p>
</body>
</html>
}}}

No let's modify the template:
{{{
<html xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>
<body>
   <ui:composition template='com/example/Template.html'>
      <ui:define name='content'>
        <ui:include src='com/example/DefaultContent.html'/>
      </ui:define>
   </ui:composition>
</body>
</html>
}}}

Using this template will have the same result as using our first template.


