#summary Details on how use <ui:loadBundle> tag
#labels usage


As of release 0.5 a new tag `loadBundle` was added. The purpose of this tag is to load `java.util.ResourceBundle`
and add it as `java.util.Map` so every tag can use items from bundle as placeholders.

You can add this tag anywhere, because it loads bundle during 'before-conversion phase', but I suggest you to place
it in the head section.

Example:

{{{
<html xmlns:j="http://www.oracle.com/swing"
      xmlns:ui='http://swinghtmltemplate.googlecode.com/ui'>

<head>
    <ui:loadBundle baseName="ru.swing.html.example.tabsform" var='msg' locale='en_EN'/>
</head>

<body display="border">

<div id="rootPanel" style="display:border">

<j:tabs>
    <div title="${msg.tab1_title}">
        <p>${msg.tab1_text}</p>
    </div>

    <div title="${msg.tab2_title}">
        <j:scroll style='border: titled "${msg.tab2_jeditorpane}"'>
            <object classid="javax.swing.JEditorPane"></object>
        </j:scroll>

    </div>
</j:tabs>
</div>
</body>
</html>
}}}

In this example we load `ResourceBundle` from `ru/swing/html/example/tabsform.properties`. All bundle's items are
added to the `java.util.Map` and this map is added to the dom model under the name, specified with `var` attribute
("msg" in this example). Now you can access items using placeholder: `${msg.tab1_title}`.

Notice, we use `_` as separator in item names and not `.` because `.` will break beans binding (it actually resolves
placeholder value).

By default system locale is used. You can override it with 2 ways:
 * use `locale='en_EN'` attribute in the `ui:loadBundle`
 * add `<meta name='locale' content='en_EN'/>` to the head of you document

Both will set the locale to `en_EN` in these examples.

The supported formats of locale string are
 # language
 # language_COUNTRY

The difference is that Locale("language") will be used in 1st case and Locale("language", "COUNTRY") in the 2nd.

